Here are the 12 countries from RESTCountries that do not appear in the GeoJSON (countries.json):

[X] GLP - Guadeloupe: It is not a country but a French department.
    Solutions: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "France" displayed as country ?
    Can we modify the geojson ?

UNK - Kosovo: invalid code.
    Solution: redirect with the correct code.

[X] REU - Réunion: It is not a country but a French department.
    Solutions: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "France" displayed as country ?

[X] MTQ - Martinique: It is not a country but a French department.
    Solutions: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "France" displayed as country ?

BES - Caribbean Netherlands: There should have been a separate element in the geojson.
    Solution: Zoom in the map but with "Netherlands" displayed as country ?

[X] SJM - Svalbard and Jan Mayen: It is not a country but an archipelago and it is part of Norway.
    Solution: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "Norway" displayed as country ?

[X] BVT - Bouvet Island: It is not a country but a Norwegian volcanic island.
    Solution: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "New Zealand" displayed as country ?

[X] TKL - Tokelau: It is not a country but an archipelago belonging to New Zealand.
    Solution: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "New Zealand" displayed as country ?

CCK - Iles cocos: invalid code et invalid geojson ADMIN. There should have been a separate element in the geojson.
    Solution: Zoom in the map but with "Indian Ocean Territories" displayed as country ?

CXR - Christmas island : invalid code et invalid geojson ADMIN. There should have been a separate element in the geojson.
    Solution: Zoom in the map but with "Indian Ocean Territories" displayed as country ?

[X] MYT - Mayotte: It is not a country but a French department.
    Solutions: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "France" displayed as country ?

[X] GUF - Guyane Française: It is not a country but a French department.
    Solutions: Exclude from RESTCountries or Zoom in the map but with "France" displayed as country ?


RESTCountries : 250 countries including 12 which do not appear in GeoJSON.
GeoJSON: 255 dont 17 avec ISO = -99. 255-17 = 238 with a valid code.

Here are the 17 countries that have a iso code (ADMIN) equal to -99 and which are not part of RESTCountries:

"Ashmore and Cartier Islands" - No redirection to details page
"Bajo Nuevo Bank (Petrel Is.)" - No redirection to details page
"Clipperton Island" - No redirection to details page
"Cyprus No Mans Area" - No redirection to details page
"Coral Sea Islands" - No redirection to details page
"Northern Cyprus" - No redirection to details page
"Dhekelia Sovereign Base Area" - No redirection to details page
"Indian Ocean Territories" - No redirection to details page
"Baykonur Cosmodrome" - No redirection to details page
"Siachen Glacier" - No redirection to details page
"Kosovo" - Redirect to Kosovo details page
"Spratly Islands" - No redirection to details page
"Scarborough Reef" - No redirection to details page
"Serranilla Bank" - No redirection to details page
"Somaliland" - No redirection to details page
"US Naval Base Guantanamo Bay" - No redirection to details page
"Akrotiri Sovereign Base Area" - No redirection to details page